Both countries should work together to achieve this common goal.
Therefore, when China was in power,
after a thorough and thorough process,
the Chinese government decided to adopt a policy of cooperation.
At that time, China was the only country
that was able to maintain a peaceful and prosperous country.
The Chinese government had decided to adopt a policy of cooperation.
Since the beginning of the United Nations,
the Chinese government has been working together
to create a new state of affairs for all the countries.
The Chinese government has been working together
Meanwhile, the CPC version of the CPC –
– or Maison Moulin –
– bore witness to the Chinese government's attempts
to unite the people of China.
During the time of the Japanese colonial era, we have been able to understand the Japanese people's feelings and their principles.
We have been able to understand the Japanese people's feelings and their principles.
After the time of the Chinese colonial era, we have been able to understand the Japanese people's feelings and their principles.
If the country can succeed in the study of Chinese language, it will be a great success.
I would like to share the view of the Communist Party.